# 20251127

Jumping back in here with a few items on the todo list:

* see if I can onboard commitizen into this repo? We're starting to use it at work and that seems worth checking out and playing around with
* I thought about spinning up some local service, probably ansible for some config management early on and to bootstrap stuff instead of continuing on with shell script bootstrapping. but ansible is kinda heavy to get going in the right way. Not sure exactly what the current direction is on that, plus I kinda want to do some of the other stuff on this list more and shell scripts will scale just fine for a few more iterations and typically do translate pretty readily into ansible yaml while we still only have localhost and not running any ec2s consistently yet
* get a few ec2s set up as an openshift cluster
* get some observability pipelines going
  * might be cool to make that the first thing that comes up so that you can kind of "watch the show" for the rest of the work to kick off
* it might be worth using jenkins to bootstrap. maybe even have a few different branches that compare bootstrapping local to get first thigns stood up via shell, jenkins, heck even MAKE maybe, ansible. could be neat to try and convert the repo to use different init tools
* I don't know what I'm going to do about a branching strategy. I'd likely want to have some expirements. Maybe it makes the most sense to have a main repo as the primary project and then have other long-running experiments fork off of the main project and pull in main every once in a while, like alternate init systems discussed above. maybe the primary project is opinionated on the which one is used as the current favorite but alternate forks could be maintained solely to check out other init systems. the same can be true for experiments with different chaos testing sytems or build systems or whatever
* OOOOOH it would be super duper cool to get some CI hooked up and have some of those snazzy build-pass/fail buttons at the top of the main readme like all the cool kids are doing
* also, I'm thinking (back to init) and setup requirements, maybe it really ought to start from a local docker compose that spins up some services to launch the rest rather than trying to manually wrangle some local install. and then I could potentially even include my local config in the overall system config relative to other envs. I like it, let's start with that